hi my mines today I call them that because
I love kittens good in general
I like all the animals but with
the kittens I have something very special and
taking advantage of the winter coming
It's colder and you have to be more
I gave myself to the task of creating
these superheroes kitty hats
I have loved the two of course
because they are kittens and kittens and also
because I think they look super cute is
a simple way to recycle clothes
of wool that no longer remains or is
damaged also I take advantage for
announce if they can already buy
iPad case in the online store of
fashion ray or many girls have me
asked about her so if they are
interested I leave you in the description
of the video the link to the store and to my
social networks for your juice without further
contact if they have a cat put me in
the comments as it is called there is something
funny that you like to do because
super funny cats in the end I hope that
like this video
you will need a piece of wool from
preference that is damaged like this
skirt that has a small hole a
hat although this is optional
any piece of fabric you have in
House thread needles pins and the whole kit
sewing grandma a chain
estoperoles pebbles or anything
you have to decorate supergift
angel and a pencil to draw on fabric
extend the garment that you chose in this
case I'm wearing a skirt with the
hat on the fabric and remark what if not
you have a hat you can also put
the garment on your head to cut it
to that extent then draw a couple of
ears
I made two little triangles to make the
ears of a cat but if the phrases more
or baladita are round you can also
make a puppy or a panda cut the
pieces and try to cut the hat a
little bit thicker than what you already marked
you know sometimes we're wrong and it's better
that we over fabric that we lack
choose two of the four pieces of
ears that you should have and decorate them as
more you like me I chose to put many
of gold- colored studs
When finished decorating place the
ears together with your bread the part
adorned should be turned in
and now you have to start sewing is very
easy you just have to put a stitch
below crossing both pieces and
then return that stitch but for
up and so on
you just have to sew two sides of the
rectangle and when you finish give it the
back and you'll see how pretty the
ears
place the little ears on the fabric of the
hat so that they are down
use the pins to be fixed
and then for the other part of the hat
over now let's sew once more
in the same way that it consists of
ears by the way when you get to the
part of the hat where the
ears very carefully and through the
Four layers of fabric for the hat
you look good
when you finish sewing just give it the
back and if you want you can leave it like that
but I want to put a nose on it
what can you do with the piece of cloth
you just have to cut out a triangular
I made two little noses and used a
post-it to protect the table and paint
a nose in golden color and so I could
choose which nose I liked the most if the
black or the golden one at the end I decided
the golden nose and to paste it I used
a glue in gel unlike
other glues this does not go through
the fabric then you have to cut one
chain to form a very strong whiskers
flirty preferably puts three I think
which is the typical number of whiskers that
we do when we draw a kitten by
last one of the first links of
the chains with the needle and sews the very
near the tip of the nose
and also sew the chains on the other
extreme but this time they remain
separated
and so the beheaded cap remains
super nice
I also made a black cap in this
decoration is simpler
I only put a little bit of glue
in gel on a post-it so that the
glue can be easier to fix in
the pebbles and then stick them on
ears is very easy and fast to be and
that 's how the black cap looks
those hot days these little caps
they can also serve as objects of
decoration you only need a few hooks
like these that are very easy to put
on the wall and you can complement the
decoration of your room with something very
original and created by you
Y
so I hope you liked this
tutorial do not forget to put your
comments share this video and if you
you're not on the bus that they like to get into
the boxes give me a like if still
our subscriber can do it so that
Every Friday you have a new day equal
and if you like outfits I invite you to
visit my blog
I am clear I send you little kisses and we
we see in the next fashion riders